nutri are rodents that were
first brought to America to be
farmed for their thick fur now
they're hunted for their meat
but to find them Thoren has to
head downriver to the marshlands
fortunately for me I already
have a boat i'm just trying to
make it actually river worthy
problem is that it's been over a
year since I built this and so
this is like to a resurrection
there's two really large holes
that are going to need patching
of what i'd like to do is make
some pine pitch glue but I want
to do it in a large volume so
i'm going to make killed where I
can cook a lot of time hearts I
think that'll work here we go
every single time I've gone
onion this year its terminus
really and I know Delia is
depending on this food so this
nutrient time is really a chance
to show Delia that i can get me
when I say that I'm going to get
it have to let this get really
hot here comes some
is that resin heats up it
becomes liquid comes out and
then it'll run down into the
ramp and then go into the cut
once I've got the pitch and my
pitch pot I can then stir in
charcoal and that'll make it
stronger and I can make glue
the coracle or a bowl boat is a
pretty ancient design basically
the idea is that a person just
makes a basket and you put hide
right over it hopefully pine
pitch glue will make a
waterproof patch will be taking
on water through all these holes
the only time i'm going to find
out if it works is when it gets
put in the water so i just have
to see what happens